So here in our main.go,
we actually have to pull in some packages.
So there's gonna be the first
time we're not gonna depend just
on the standard library.
We have to depend on the Go AWS SDK, okay?
So first, I want to type
GoGetGithub.com/AWS/AWS-Lambda-Go/Lambda.
You can see that we have
that package added, okay?
And like I said, all Lambda does
is it handles a function for us.
So we're gonna to define that function.
So what I'm gonna do here,
is I'm gonna create a new function
called func HandleRequest, okay?
Let's just give it that bare bone
skeleton for any Go function.
And what this function is going to do is,
it's going to take in a payload, right?
And do something with it, okay?
Let's just keep it simple, right?
KISS, and so the first thing
I wanna define is a struct,
because that struct is going to be the
data that our payload is gonna come in.
So we're gonna do type, let's just
say it's gonna be called my event.
It's gonna be a struct, and
if you think about this, the only,
like right now, the only field I care
about is a field called username.
Let's create a username field.
It's gonna be a string, okay?
And there's something I did not mention
earlier when I talked about structs.
Structs in Go have an additional
option to tag it, okay?
Tagging is a way for Go and
other libraries to really
handle data into your struct.
A very popular example of
tagging is using the JSON tags.
So we can do backtick JSON,
and then we can put username.
So, what is this?
What did we just do?
Basically, when we get a JSON payload or
JSON request from our client,
typically it's JSON, right?
It's gonna have a username and then
whatever the value of that username is.
So, mine's gonna be Melky.
With this ability, we can actually
unmarshal that raw request, that raw HTTP
request we're getting from our client
into this struct with one line of code.
And now we have abilities to handle
everything in that payload from our client
with our struct.
We call methods on it, we can just
take that field, take that attribute,
do whatever you want
with this property now.
So we have the Tunnel Request.
What I'm gonna do is this handle
request is gonna take my event type.
So it's gonna be event, my event.
So we know what we're gonna
expect to call with our function,
what our Lambda is gonna expect to
do with this function, I should say.
And then here, let's do some basic logic.
We'll say if event.username is empty,
right?
Basically what I wanna do
here is return an error,
something happened from our client
that we did not expect, and with Go,
we need to also tell it what
is gonna be return type.
What is the expected return
type of our function here?
For right now, we just need an error.
An error is a native type in Go.
These are individual types, and
one core thing about Go, and
I have not talked about this yet,
errors, our values in Go.
There's no real try-catch
exceptions nothing like that.
You treat an error as if you
treat any other value from
the values you've handled with
structs anything from like a for
loop that value you handle
it the exact same way.
What does this mean?
One is your code is now fully in your
control of how you handle these errors,
right?
If there's an error that
you did not suspect,
you have to kinda handle that code, maybe
bubble it up back to the caller, but say,
hey, we experienced this error,
here you go.
It's an error type or
maybe there's an unforeseen behavior
in your code and it's dangerous.
Well, now we wanna panic.
We wanna just completely this was
not something that we had thought of
this should never exist but it did
we have to panic our application and
basically run it down, okay?
But there's also things you can
do with errors that aren't so
scary as panicking can gracefully handle
it you can log it totally up to you in
some cases like we showed before, you can
just ignore it cuz errors are values.
Remember when we had the for loop and
we didn't use like an index or a value,
we just put underscore?
You can do the exact same with an error.
So it's dangerous, but
it gives us as the software developer,
software engineer, more control as
to how our code is executed and
how it's handled under certain situations.
Cool, so here, if the event.Username
is empty, what I'm gonna do is return.
I'm gonna use our format package.
I'm gonna create, basically,
a new error type with error format.
I'm gonna say,
username cannot be empty, okay?
And it's gonna get bubbled back
up to our client, the caller.
And then here, what I'd like to do is,
if it's not an error, and this is,
again, a super basic example,
we're gonna do return format.sprintf.
And what sprintf does,
different than printf or
println, is it returns a value for
us to use, okay?
So then we have access to this new string.
We can use it accordingly.
We can pass it down whatever we want.
That's the difference between printf and
sprintf, okay?
Here, let's just do
successfully called by, and
let's add our format specifiers, so
modulo s and we can do event.Username.
Okay, and here we're actually going to do
is modify this and not only be an error,
but also a string so we can return
multiple things from our Go code.
So I'm gonna do string error, and
now we're gonna get to say, hey,
there's not enough returns here.
So in our first return,
we're gonna return empty string, okay?
So nothing successful.
It's gonna run on the error
that gets returned.
And then down here, this can be the first
return, and then the second one is nil.
Now, why is it nil?
Does anyone have like a guess?
The zero value of an error is a nil.
So we can use nil to satisfy the error
type constraint for our functions here.
And you'll see this very commonly, right?
If error does not equal to nil, we're
gonna write a ton of that, don't worry.
But nil values are dangerous, but
they're also useful in how you
wanna orchestrate your code, right?
And references,
they also zero to a nil value.
Which makes it contentiously maybe
easier to handle some logic, but
also, again, if you try to run a method
on a nil, you're gonna get a panic and
that's not something you can control,
right?
In terms of if you can control a panic,
you can literally write, if you get
an error, we have the option just running
panic and do whatever we want, right?
Panic, no, this is really bad.
We can do that.
I don't want to.
It seems I don't want to
panic mentor application,
I can handle it a different way.
I can just return to the caller,
okay, this is an error there you go,
maybe fix something on your end.